
$Id: README,v 5.20 1992-11-16 17:50:13 amanda Exp $

AUC TeX 
=======

AUC TeX is an Emacs lisp mode for editing TeX and LaTeX documents. 

********** NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS **********

Version 6.2:

Rewrote ltx-sec.el and updated auc-tex.texi to reflect the changes:
- sectioning level, toc, and title queries can be individually turned off.
- label query can be turned on or off for selected sectioning levels.
- label prefix can be different for different sectioning levels.
- if the title (or toc) is empty, point will be positioned there.
- users can add new hooks

Version 6.1:

TeX-region might work now (heard that before?).  Many people reported
this one.  Especially thanks to Fran Burstall
(F.E.Burstall@maths.bath.ac.uk) and Bill Schworm
(bill@schworm.econ.ubc.ca).

The specification format for the TeX command is more general.  See the
documentation for LaTeX-command and plain-TeX-command.

The specification format for the preview commands is more general, see
their respective documentation.

The specification format for the print command is more general.  See
the documentation for TeX-print-command.

TeX-args is marked as obsolete.

The "Emergency stop ..." error some users of old TeX installations got
might be fixed now.  Thanks to Philip Sterne (sterne@dublin.llnl.gov).

It is now possible to change the preview command without loading
TeX-site first.  Thanks to Tim Bradshaw (tim.bradshaw@edinburgh.ac.uk). 

New variable TeX-smart-quotes allow german.sty users (and others) to
disable the mapping of double quote (" to `` or '').  Thanks to Daniel
Hernandez (danher@informatik.tu-muenchen.de).

Many minor corrections to the documentation.  Thanks to Mainhard E.
Mayer (hardy@golem.ps.uci.edu).

Don't query for printer if TeX-printer-name-alist is nil.  Thanks to
Bill Schworm (bill@schworm.econ.ubc.ca).

Make test for HOSTTYPE case insensitive.  Thanks to Gisli Ottarsson
(gisli@liapunov.eecs.umisc.edu)

Set TeX-force-default-mode to avoid AUC TeX's attempts to infer the
mode of the file by itself.

Version 6:

DOCS!	Preliminary documentation is avilable in the directory
	`doc'.  It isn't very well written, but I beleve it covers
	most interesting points.  Comments, suggestions, or even
	rewrites of sections are VERY WELCOME...

	LaCheck has been incorporated in the package.  The source
	code for it is avilable in the directory `lacheck' along
	with the documentation for it.  Lacheck may also be used 
	from the command line.  It is bound to C-c $.

	Some minor changes in:

	  TeX-region:  Should work better with `Master:' option

	  LaTeX-environment:  Numerous new hooks added by Masayuki
			      Kuwada (hope I spelled it correctly)

	  TeX-command-on-region: removed. C-c C-o used for 
			      outline-minor-mode instead.

	And some additional minor fixes...
	
**************************************************

You're welcome to direct questions to the current maintainer, whose
address is at the bottom of this file.



Installation
------------

Just type `make' and follow the instructions.  



Warranty
--------

AUC TeX is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY.  No author or distributor accepts responsibility to
anyone for the consequences of using it or for whether it serves any
particular purpose or works at all.

Everyone is granted permission to copy, modify and redistribute this
file, but only under the conditions described in the document "GNU
Emacs copying permission notice".  An exact copy of the document is
supposed to have been given to you along with this file so that you
can know how you may redistribute it all.  It should be in a file
named COPYING.  Among other things, the copyright notice and this
notice must be preserved on all copies.

Availability
------------

AUC-TeX is available by anonymous ftp to `iesd.auc.dk' as
"/pub/emacs-lisp/auctex_X_x.tar.Z". (where `X.x' specifies the release
version) The most resent version is ALLWAYS available in
`/pub/emacs-lisp/auctex.tar.Z'. Also, it should be available at major
TeX and Elisp archives around the world.  In case you don't have
access anonymous ftp, you can get it by Email requests to
`auc-tex_mgr@iesd.auc.dk'.

Contacts
--------

There has been established a mailing list for discussion of the
evaluation of auc-tex.  You're very welcome to join.  However, If you
are only interested in information on updates, you should refer to the
newsgroups comp.text.tex and gnu.emacs.sources.

If you want to contact the auc-tex mailing list, mail:

	Articles:	auc-tex@iesd.auc.dk 

	Requests:	auc-tex-request@iesd.auc.dk


To contact the current maintainer of auc-tex, Email:

			auc-tex_mgr@iesd.auc.dk


The address of the main author is:

			krab@iesd.auc.dk

			Kresten Krab Thorup 
			Dept. of Math and Computer Science
			University of Aalborg
			Aalborg, Denmark





