These are the release notes for AUCTeX 11.50.

A more stable release is still quite far away, yet there is no
conceivable reason to prefer the last release to this one: the number
of bugs has quite decreased, and usability is vastly superior.

However, the documentation has not quite kept up, interfaces and
customizable variables will change frequently, and there are a lot of
plans requiring more developer power than we currently have at our
disposal.  So this release announcement is also a plea for more
volunteers.

Prospective changes are:

AUCTeX is proceeding as a GNU project with the long-term intent of
merging it into Emacs.  This will require all new contributors to
assign copyright to their contributions to the FSF (the usual
procedure for Emacs contributors).  It also means that all past
contributors need to be contacted and asked to assign their
contributions to the FSF for the sake of a future Emacs integration.
The principal authors and maintainers have already done so, but it
would require a diligent and diplomatic volunteer to find and ask the
rest.  Independent from that process, preview-latex
<URL:http://preview-latex.sourceforge.net> will probably get
integrated in the course of the next year.

It would be nice to organize error help strings in Texinfo files in
local languages, to be indexed by error messages (the current support
for Japanese is quite ad-hoc).  Tutorials for authoring LaTeX texts
with AUCTeX should be written.  Having a configuration assistant
wizard that guides the user through most of the important
configuration would be nice.

What is offered right now:

PDFTeX and corresponding viewers are being supported, and the
appropriate viewer is selected depending on document options and the
generated output file type.  The interfaces are bound to change yet,
though.

Authors of LaTeX class and style files previously were not able to
make much use of AUCTeX.  Now they are supported with syntax
highlighting, a highly sophisticated new engine for keeping
indentation and environments in .dtx files consistent in documentation
and code sections, additional macro completions for programmer
commands and a few other goodies.

ConTeXt is a supported format now.

Syntax highlighting has become smarter and supports sub- and
superscripts.  Forward search support for viewers using Source
specials can be toggled with C-c C-t C-s and is made more convenient
by the new C-c C-v keybinding shortcut that immediately starts or
notifies the viewer without prompting.  Inverse search using
emacsclient or gnuclient still requires setting appropriate
environment variables or command lines and starting the respective
server.

The menus have been reorganized and cleaned up (and you'll see a few
changes and additions in keybindings there), and the Command menu will
now only offer commands relevant to the current major mode.

A new autoconf-based installation makes configuring and installing
AUCTeX into a mostly automatic process.
