The preview.sty style file:

This style file is part of the AUCTeX project with home page
<URL:http://www.gnu.org/software/auctex>.  The project page at
<URL:http://savannah.gnu.org/projects/auctex> offers downloads and
anonymous CVS access for cutting edge versions.  It is part of
AUCTeX's preview-latex module: since AUCTeX's download area at
<URL:ftp://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/auctex> is mirrored at
CTAN:support/auctex, you can find preview-latex tarballs there, with
separate README and INSTALL files.  Older versions can be found at
CTAN:support/preview-latex.  Starting with AUCTeX 11.80, preview-latex
will also be distributed as an integral part of AUCTeX, requiring no
separate download.  The unbundled preview.sty can be downloaded from
CTAN:macros/latex/contrib/preview if required.

While the primary focus of the package has been the support of editing
in Emacs buffers augmented with preview images, its possible uses are
not limited to that.  The package extracts indicated pieces from a
source file (typically displayed equations, figures and graphics) and
typesets with their base point at the (1in,1in) magic location,
shipping out the individual pieces on separate pages without any page
markup.  You can produce either DVI or PDF files, and options exist
that will set the page size separately for each page.  In that manner,
further processing (as with GhostScript or dvipng) will be able to
work in a single pass.

A flexible and convenient interface allows it to specify what commands
and constructs should be extracted.

Note: as opposed to previous versions, the \nofiles command is no
longer called automatically except in AUCTeX mode.  If you are working
on original files and don't want to clobber the auxiliary files,
you'll need to call \nofiles yourself.

To install the preview style file on its own without fetching the
entire preview-latex package, run
tex preview.ins
If preview.ins happens to be missing, you can regenerate it by running
tex docstrip
on preview.dtx with the option `installer'.

Running TeX on preview.ins will then extract further files:
preview.drv which you can run through LaTeX in order to get the
documentation for preview.sty, preview.sty itself, a bunch of option
files with extension .def and a few configuration files with extension
.cfg.  In case your docstrip configuration has not already taken care
of that, install the files with extension .sty, .def and .cfg to a
location where LaTeX will be able to find them, generate the
documentation and have fun.

The license of the original file is the GPL which you'll find a copy
of in the complete preview-latex distribution.  The complete
preview-latex distribution will also unpack and install the respective
LaTeX files with an autoconf-supported mechanism, so you might
consider using that.

David Kastrup <URL:mailto:dak@gnu.org>
