Release notes for version 0.8 of the preview-latex package:

preview-latex dresses up your LaTeX source by pasting judiciously
selected chunks (such as single formulas) chopped from unwieldy
preview pages right over their source in the Emacs/XEmacs buffer.  You
get to have your eye candy and edit it, too.

The employed style file `preview.sty' is independently useful for
extraction of selected text elements as images.  It now fully supports
pdftex including the `tightpage' option.

The package is released under the GNU Public License (GPL).  At the
current point of time, at least GNU Emacs-21.1 under the X window
system or XEmacs-21 in version 21.4.10 or later, AUCTeX (11.14 or
later recommended, see below), a working LaTeX installation and
GhostScript are required.  dvipng (version 1.0 or later), a very fast
dvi converter available from the same CVS archive, can also be used
for conversion.  Recent CVS versions of GNU Emacs for Windows or MacOS
Carbon should also work.

Release 0.8 supports for the first time conversion with PDFLaTeX
(however, the foreground color of Emacs buffers appears always black
here, differing reports and PDFLaTeX/GhostScript expertise welcome),
and conversion with dvipng.  Several changes were done to the format
dumping process to get reasonable behavior when the "latex" executable
actually is eTeX-based.  The right mouse button now has a context
menu.  It is now possible to copy source text passages with images
into mail buffers.

The `README' file provides adequate information for firing up
preinstalled distributions, and pointers how to provide feedback.  The
`INSTALL' file contains a special section with advice for package
providers.  There is also a file `INSTALL.windows' detailing
instructions for users of that operating system.

The home page is <URL:http://preview-latex.sourceforge.net>, the
SourceForge project page that among others offers anonymous CVS access
is located at <URL:http://sourceforge.net/projects/preview-latex>.

If you can spare the time, you can also comment on or rate this
project at <URL:http://freshmeat.net/projects/preview-latex>.

Paypal donations to the maintainer are also possible via SourceForge.

Additional files can be found at
<URL:http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/preview-latex>:

* If you don't have texinfo 4.0 or later installed, prebuilt
  documentation files can be found there.

* Tarballs of preview-latex for all users, alternatively RPMs for
  RedHat Linux.  For the binary RPMs, you will need the
  preview-latex-common RPM as well as the Emacs-flavor specific RPM.

* AUCTeX is now located at <URL:http://www.gnu.org/software/auctex>.  The
  download area should also provide you with RPMs if you are using
  RedHat Linux.
