* README - Introduction to AUC TeX.

$Id: README,v 5.27 1994-02-25 05:53:30 amanda Exp $

** Copyright

Copyright (C) 1985, 1986 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
Copyright (C) 1986 Lars Peter Fischer
Copyright (C) 1987,1993 Per Abrahamsen 
Copyright (C) 1991,1992 Kresten Krab Thorup

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 1, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

** Installation

Just type `make' and follow the instructions.  

You will need texinfo2, available by ftp from prep.ai.mit.edu. 

It is best to remove the old version before installing the new.

It is best to unpack and install AUC TeX from a different directory,
than you want the compiled .elc files to be found.

** Introduction

This section gives a brief overview of what AUC TeX is. It is *not* an
attempt to document it.  Real documentation for AUC TeX is available
in the texinfo file in the doc directory.


*** AUC TeX for GNU Emacs

AUC TeX is a comprehensive customizable integrated environment for
writing input files for LaTeX using GNU Emacs.

AUC TeX lets you run TeX/LaTeX and other LaTeX-related tools, such as
a output filters or post processor from inside Emacs.  Especially
`running LaTeX' is interesting, as AUC TeX let's you browse through
the errors TeX reported, while it moves the cursor directly to the
reported error, and displays some documentation for that particular
error.  This will even work when the document is spread over several
files.

AUC TeX automatically indents your `LaTeX-source', not only as you
write it---you can also let it indent and format an entire document.
It has a special outline feature, which can greatly help you `getting
the overview' of a document.

Apart from these special features, AUC TeX provides an large range of
handy Emacs macros, which in several different ways can help you
write your LaTeX documents fast and painless.

All features of AUC TeX are documented using the GNU Emacs online
documentation system.  That is, documentation for any command is just
a key click away!

AUC TeX is written entirely in Emacs-Lisp, and hence you can easily
add new features for your own needs.  It was not made as part of any
particular employment or project (apart from the AUC TeX project
itself).  AUC TeX is distributed under the `GNU Emacs General Public
License' and may therefore almost freely be copied and redistributed.


*** Major features of AUC TeX

This section is a short introduction to some `actual' features.  For
further information, refer to the build-in online documentation of
AUC TeX. 

**** Indentation and formatting

AUC TeX may automatically indent your document as you write it. By
pressing line feed instead of return at the end of a line, the current
line is indented by two spaces according to the current environment
level, and the cursor is moved down one line.  By pressing TAB, the
current line is indented, and the cursor stays where it is.  The
well-known Emacs feature format-paragraph (M-q) is reimplemented
especially for AUC TeX to follow the indentation.  A special command
LaTeX-format-buffer, lets you indent an entire document like the
well-known c utility indent (this time, only according to the LaTeX
structure :-)

**** Completion

By studying your `\documentstyle' command (in the top of your
document), and consulting a precompiled list of (La)TeX symbols from a
large number of TeX and LaTeX files, AUC TeX is aware of the LaTeX
commands you should able to use in this particular document.  This
`knowledge' of AUC TeX is used for two purposes: 1) To make you able
to `complete' partly written LaTeX commands. You may e.g. write
"\renew" and press C-c TAB (TeX-complete-symbol), and then AUC TeX
will complete the word "\renewcommand" for you. In case of ambiguity
it will display a list of possible completions. 2) To aid you
inserting environments, that is \begin - \end pairs. This is done by
pressing C-c C-e (LaTeX-environment), and you will be prompted for
which `environment' to insert.

**** Editing your document

A number of more or less intelligent keyboard macros have been defined
to aid you editing your document.  The most important are listed here
below.

LaTeX-environment (C-c C-e) 
	Insert a \begin{} - \end{} pair as described above.

LaTeX-section (C-c C-s)
	Insert one of \chapter, \section, etc. 

TeX-font (C-c C-f C-r, C-c C-f C-i, C-c C-f C-b) etc... 
	Insert one of {\rm }, {\it \/} {\bf } etc.

A number of additional functions are available.  But - it would be far
too much to write about here.  Refer to the AUC TeX online
documentation for further information.

**** Running LaTeX

When invoking on of the commands TeX-command-master (C-c C-c) or
TeX-command-region (C-c C-r) LaTeX is run on either the entire current
document or a given region of it.  The Emacs view is split in two, and
the output of TeX is printed in the second half of the screen, as you
may simultaneously continue editing you document.  In case TeX found
any errors when processing your input you can call the function
TeX-next-error (C-c `) which will move the cursor to the first given
error, and display a short explanatory text along with the message TeX
gave.  This procedure may be repeated until all errors have been
displayed.  By pressing C-c C-w (TeX-toggle-debug-boxes) you can
toggle whether the browser also should notify over-full/under-full
boxes or not.

Once you've successfully formatted your document, you may preview or
print it by invoking TeX-command-master again.

**** Outlining

Along with AUC TeX comes a special `minor' outline mode for Emacs,
which lets you browse the sectioning structure of your document, while
you will still be able to use the full power of the rest of the
AUC TeX functionality.  


** Hints

*** For users intensive users of outline-minor-mode

People who use the outline features a lot may want to bind them to a
single prefix key:

.emacs> (setq-default outline-prefix-char "\C-l")

** History

See the texinfo file for a list of changes in the last versions.

** Availability

AUC TeX is available by anonymous ftp to `ftp.iesd.auc.dk' as
"/pub/emacs-lisp/auctex_X_x.tar.Z". (where `X_x' specifies the release
version) The most resent version is ALWAYS available in
`/pub/emacs-lisp/auctex.tar.Z'.  In case you don't have access
anonymous ftp, you can get it by email requests to
`ftpmail@decwrl.dec.com'.

WWW users may want to check out the AUC TeX page at

	http://www.iesd.auc.dk/~amanda/auctex/

** Contacts

There has been established a mailing list for discussion of the
evaluation of auc-tex.  You're very welcome to join.  However, If you
are only interested in information on updates, you could refer to the
newsgroups comp.text.tex and gnu.emacs.sources.

If you want to contact the auc-tex mailing list, mail:

	Articles:	auc-tex@iesd.auc.dk 

	Requests:	auc-tex-request@iesd.auc.dk


To contact the current maintainers of auc-tex directly, Email:

			auc-tex_mgr@iesd.auc.dk

The snail mail address of the maintainers is:
			
			AUC TeX development
			c/o Kresten Krab Thorup 

			Mathematics and Computer Science
			University of Aalborg
			DK 9000 Aalborg
			Denmark

** Emacs

Local Variables:
mode: text
mode: outline-minor
End:
