Release notes for version 0.7.5 of the preview-latex package:

preview-latex dresses up your LaTeX source by placing judiciously
selected chunks (such as single formulas) chopped from unwieldy
preview pages right into its Emacs/XEmacs buffer, while keeping the
original source readily accessible.  You get to have your eye candy
and edit it, too.

The employed style file preview.sty is independently useful for
extraction of selected text elements as images.  The package is
released under the GNU Public License (GPL).  At the current point of
time, at least GNU Emacs-21.1 under the X window system, AUC TeX
(11.11 recommended, see below), a working LaTeX installation and
GhostScript are required.  This version also supports XEmacs-21, best
in version 21.4.9 or later.  The various Windows ports of XEmacs
should work out of the box.  Recent CVS versions of Windows GNU Emacs
could conceivably be made to work, too, but the jury is still out on
that one.

Release 0.7.5 is a bug fix release for XEmacs.  Compatibility macros
caused several conflicts with other packages when preview-latex was
loaded after them.  In addition, the preview icon could appear doubly
in the toolbar.  GNU Emacs users were not affected by either bug and
need not upgrade from 0.7.4.

The README file provides adequate information for firing up
preinstalled distributions, and pointers how to provide feedback.  The
INSTALL file contains a special section with advice for package
providers.

The home page is <URL:http://preview-latex.sourceforge.net>, the
SourceForge project page that among others offers anonymous CVS access
is located at <URL:http://sourceforge.net/projects/preview-latex>.

If you can spare the time, you can also comment on or rate this
project at <URL:http://freshmeat.net/projects/preview-latex>.

Additional files can be found at
<URL:http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/preview-latex>:

* If you don't have texinfo 4.0 or later installed, prebuilt
  documentation files can be found there.

* AUC TeX can be found at several places, but if you want the latest
  11.11 (alpha, but stable AFAIK) with no known issues concerning
  preview-latex, you can find it there as well.

* RPMs for preview-latex and AUC TeX are provided for users of RedHat
  Linux.  For the binary RPMs, you will need the preview-latex-common
  RPM as well as the Emacs-flavor specific RPM.

The RPMs require a few packages that should be readily available in
current distributions.  RedHat 7.3 contains Emacs-21.2 and
GhostScript-6.52 which are about the minimum versions to be
recommended.  Later releases should work fine.  XEmacs in current
distributions will still be affected with a serious display bug, see
the PROBLEMS file or the respective manual section.
