I do not know where to start.  This is the preview-latex project at
Sourceforge, <URL:http://sourceforge.net/projects/preview-latex>.
There is a mailing list for developers, the web page is
<URL:http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/preview-latex-devel>
Send a message with just the word `help' as subject or body to
    preview-latex-devel-request@lists.sourceforge.net
for more information.

Purpose of the package is to embed LaTeX environments such as display
math or figures into the source buffers.  By mouse-clicking, you can
open the original text.  After editing, another click will just run
the region in question through LaTeX and redisplay the new results.

Thr project is just starting.  Current state of affairs: you need to
get access to an Emacs version that is at least 21.0.105, which at the
current time means that you need to be a pretester of Emacs.  Versions
before that have EPS rendering support that is defective.  The current
version of EPS support is just a hack and workaround with a side
effect of sluggish response time, feel free to help the Emacs
development crew in producing something better.  The really bad thing
is the busy-wait in gs.el for a deletion of the display properties
used for passing parameters to GhostScript.  If that could be
eliminated, it would be a boon.  Even 21.0.105 will exhibit occasional
display engine quirks.  Report bugs you can reproduce along with the
files needed to reproduce them.  The new display engine for 21.1 is
quite powerful, and some bugs still might be lurking inside.

You also need AucTeX installed and working, and probably a fairly
recent version of GhostScript.  At the current point of time, XEmacs
is not supported.  This may change in future versions, depending on
contributions.

See the INSTALL file for installation instructions, and COPYING for
the license.  There is little documentation available except in the
source files themselves at the current point of time.  The LaTeX style
used is documented in a dvi style produced by the installation
process.

Offers to support further development will be appreciated.

David Kastrup, <URL:mailto:dakas@users.sourceforge.net>
