Release notes for version 0.7 of the preview-latex package:

preview-latex is a system for displaying inline images of selected
parts of a file in Emacs source buffers.  The employed style file
preview.sty is independently useful for extraction of selected text
elements as images.  The package is released under the GNU Public
License (GPL).  At the current point of time, GNU Emacs-21 under the X
window system, AUC TeX, a working LaTeX installation and GhostScript
are required.  There is preliminary support for XEmacs available, and
the current CVS version of Emacs could possibly be made to run
preview-latex under the Windows operating system.  If you are planning
on contributing, please contact the developers' list.

Release focus have been documentation improvements, staggering
performance enhancements and new features.  For the first time,
workable XEmacs support is included.  The LaTeX style has gained a
load of new options.  It is now possible to generate all image files
for a document with a single run of GhostScript on a single PostScript
file from Dvips.

User feedback about errors and suggested feature improvements is
welcome and heeded.  The home page is
<URL:http://preview-latex.sourceforge.net>, the SourceForge project
page that among others offers anonymous CVS access is located at
<URL:http://sourceforge.net/projects/preview-latex>.

If you can spare the time, you can also comment on or rate this
project at <URL:http://freshmeat.net/projects/preview-latex>.

Additional files can be found at
<URL:http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/preview-latex>:

* If you don't have texinfo 4.0 or later installed, prebuilt
  documentation files can be found there.

* AUC TeX can be found at several places, but if you want the latest
  11.11 (alpha, but stable AFAIK) with no known issues concerning
  preview-latex, you can find it there as well.

* RPMs for preview-latex and AUC TeX are provided for users of RedHat
  Linux.

The RPMs require a few packages:

* GhostScript 6.51 is included in RH 7.2, but if you use an earlier
  release it can be downloaded from the RH7.2 updates,
  <URL:ftp://ftp.redhat.com/pub/redhat/linux/updates/7.2/en/os/i386/>.
  The current beta of RedHat 7.3 (see below) includes GhostScript 6.53.

* Emacs-21.2 is part of the beta release for RedHat 7.3 at
  <URL:ftp://ftp.redhat.com/pub/redhat/linux/beta/skipjack/en/os/i386/RedHat/RPMS/>
  unless it has already been superceded by the regular release.
  I installed this using 'rpm -i --nodeps --force', which worked for
  me, but since it does not follow the usual emacs + emacs-X11 +
  emacs-nox, YMMV.
