Release notes for version 0.7.2 of the preview-latex package:

preview-latex is a system for displaying inline images of selected
parts of a file in Emacs source buffers.  The employed style file
preview.sty is independently useful for extraction of selected text
elements as images.  The package is released under the GNU Public
License (GPL).  At the current point of time, at least GNU Emacs-21.1
under the X window system, AUC TeX (11.11 recommended, see below), a
working LaTeX installation and GhostScript are required.  This version
for the first time also fully supports XEmacs with a version of at
least 21.1.14.  Some issues with the display engine have been
uncovered in the course of porting; consult the PROBLEMS file for more
information.  No Emacs versions of preview-latex have yet been tested
to run under the MS Windows operating system.  Recent CVS versions of
Emacs could possibly be made to run preview-latex there, and we have
had a positive report with Cygwin XEmacs.  Please report your
experiences.

Release 0.7.2 is a consolidation release containing mostly bug fixes.
Its stability should be sufficient for third party package providers
of GNU Emacs packages.  The XEmacs part still has rough edges, partly
due to XEmacs internal bugs that are expected to be ironed out in
future XEmacs releases.

The README file provides adequate information for preinstalled
distributions.  The INSTALL file contains a special section with
advice for package providers.

User feedback about errors and suggested feature improvements is
welcome and heeded.  The home page is
<URL:http://preview-latex.sourceforge.net>, the SourceForge project
page that among others offers anonymous CVS access is located at
<URL:http://sourceforge.net/projects/preview-latex>.

If you can spare the time, you can also comment on or rate this
project at <URL:http://freshmeat.net/projects/preview-latex>.

Additional files can be found at
<URL:http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/preview-latex>:

* If you don't have texinfo 4.0 or later installed, prebuilt
  documentation files can be found there.

* AUC TeX can be found at several places, but if you want the latest
  11.11 (alpha, but stable AFAIK) with no known issues concerning
  preview-latex, you can find it there as well.

* RPMs for preview-latex and AUC TeX are provided for users of RedHat
  Linux.  For the binary RPMs, you will need the preview-latex-common
  RPM as well as the Emacs-flavor specific RPM.

The RPMs require a few packages:

* GhostScript 6.51 is included in RH 7.2, but if you use an earlier
  release it can be downloaded from the RH7.2 updates,
  <URL:ftp://ftp.redhat.com/pub/redhat/linux/updates/7.2/en/os/i386/>.
  The current beta of RedHat 7.3 (see below) includes GhostScript 6.53.

* Emacs-21.2 is part of the beta release for RedHat 7.3 at
  <URL:ftp://ftp.redhat.com/pub/redhat/linux/beta/skipjack/en/os/i386/RedHat/RPMS/>
  unless it has already been superceded by the regular release.
  I installed this using 'rpm -i --nodeps --force', which worked for
  me, but since it does not follow the usual emacs + emacs-X11 +
  emacs-nox, YMMV.
